but they never get rather the big one is
this easy to cut into uniform cubes and
then I don't have to cut it more third
just cut it in half and then and then do
this part so I'm gonna season it these
the breadcrumbs for selling little
season it put under the broiler switches
Browns quick soup because if you put
bread in the oven some panel at 350 or
whatever it just dries it up it's like
still bread boiling it will just make it
crispy on the outside
mm-hmm and I usually use first garlic
you know remember most cooking but for
this initial Clara
I'm not going to do anything else until
this result because it happens so fast
you don't want to learn it did you keep
checking it yeah well when I picked
these I liked these cucumbers first of
all did they taste better those other
kind of regular kind but when you pick
them you have to make sure it's firm and
thinner is better like I have one in
here see yes then hey we're gonna use
these and I'll take the seats out today
nice and mouth seats are all wet washing
I like cucumber seeds but in this salad
the hut with the cold veggies and with
the tomatoes I cut them in wedges it's a
summer tomato salad so I don't like to
little pieces just some big wedges like
that so you could
because these are so long I'm gonna
definitely cut it in half yet - I really
think he says right
parsley comes curly this said the curly
and flat it really doesn't matter but
most of the time I use flat oh I saw the
flat lines but you just mean no leaves
her flat yeah it almost looks like
cilantro it was called it he was called
French parsley or something really it's
usually her Italian mercy it's kind of
like I'm gonna really cut this up so if
they don't have one of these tools it's
it didn't have this you just take this
let me do with this yeah all right let
me just see it
you just bunch it up and just start okay
do they just person especially curly
it's like everywhere yeah okay so a
little bit of parsley okay so this is a
basic salad dressing you can use will
use extra virgin olive oil but you can
use red wine vinegar balsamic vinegar
lemon it's the acid part of it our
family a lot of times that we're doing
lemon we're trying to you know not do
too much vinegar but this is the
traditional dressing for this tomato
salad okay so one clove minced garlic
and you don't want to chop it into big
pieces because then it's just like this
tasting this big chunk of garlic
Michael it's try to cut it or you can
use a garlic press but a lot of people
have that I just cut it up
I'm cool garlic
you have to eyeball the olive oil okay
what I do is you kind of make it look
like the weight of the egg of the yogurt
so the olive oil is that kind of
proportion it's like what you say it's
like etherion yes okay so is the olive
oil can you take a shot down here yeah
you can see it because depending on your
salad size you might need more and might
need less so here's the here's the olive
oil right on top of the garlic and then
with this which one's the yolk the yolks
their vinegar in it you always have more
it's almost like 3 2 1 yeah I guess like
that do you get experiment if you like a
really vinegary you might put more okay
so
it's the further half a teaspoon
and then but you know what I do my trick
is let's say we have people or something
I mean this dressing ahead of time first
out like just and let it sit there with
the garlic because the garlic will
infuse the oil and stuff and it tastes a
lot better but that's when like that see
how it is mm-hmm okay so you wanna what
do you gotta be careful is you don't
want it to go all on the bread first cuz
the bread will soak it all up okay
trying to get it on the vegetables and
then toss the bread veggies
that way the bread gets flavored but I
can get sucked in as much as if I poured
it all over on one time I did that in
the bridge above the dressing so this
makes an awesome lunch
okay kids